.TH FLIDGET 1
.SH NAME
flidget \- Flexible widget system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flidget
[\fB\-\-help|config_folder\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B flidget
works on the background over your desktop showing
any information arriving through simple scripts or
processes (cpu load, syslog, temperatures, cpu frequency, etc.)
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Show usage of flidget
.TP
.BR config_folder
Set the folder where flidget.conf and, optionally, flidget.css can be found. If not set, the default is ~/.config/flidget

Examples of flidget.conf and flidget.css can be found in /usr/share/doc/flidget/
.SH AUTOSTART
An example flidget.desktop file for ~/.config/autostart is included in /usr/share/doc/flidget/
.SH FLIDGET.CONF SYNTAX
The configuration file defines each widget starting with a [name] tag. A series of fields then follow depending on the type of widget. A typical example for a cpu load widget would be:
.nf

[cpu0]
  type=graph
  command=/usr/bin/flidget_cpu_load.py 0 1 2>/dev/null
  left=65
  top=435
  width=150
  height=60
  nb_streams=1
  max=100
  units=%

.fi
All widgets must include the fields type, command, left, top, width and height.
.TP
.BR type
Type of widget. Can be graph or console
.TP
.BR command
Command that will provide a feed of data to plot or print. Flidget includes the commands flidget_cpu_load, flidget_cpu_temp, flidget_cpu_freq and flidget_net_load.
.TP
.B left, top, width and height
positions or dimensions in pixels of the widget
.PP
Depending on the type of widget, other field must be also included. Two types of widget are available: graph and console.
.PP
Graph widgets must include the fields:
.TP
.BR nb_streams
Number of graphs on a single widget. On a network load widget that can be upload and download rates. The script providing the data must output nb_streams space-separated data items per line. 
.TP
.BR max
Maximum ordinate in the graph (i.e. max y). If zero, ordinate range is automatically set to fit data.
.TP
.BR units
Units of the represented data (e.g: % for cpu load or kB/s for network load)
.PP
Console widgets must include:
.TP
.BR buffer
Size of the buffer that will store the output of the command. The bigger, the longer history of the output you'll have.
.PP
An example of a console widget could be:
.nf

[journalctl]
  type=console
  command=journalctl -f
  left=65
  top=25
  width=630
  height=400
  buffer=65536

.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
flidget_cpu_load(1), flidget_cpu_temp(1), flidget_cpu_freq(1), flidget_net_load(1)
